luke thomas in las vegas nevada at the
MGM grand next to mark Ratner who is the
senior vice president of government and
regulatory affairs did I get that right
that's exactly right yes and what does
that title mean exactly means I go
around the states and countries to get
the sport of MMA approved and we're
everywhere but New York and getting
close actually can you give us any kind
of an update Jim Jeanne on Twitter's
been pretty good about it what is the
UCI's what what can you tell us right
now about how it's progressing through
the democratic process although it
should need a legislative process we
have 72 sponsors on our bill you need 76
votes but the Democratic caucus in New
York saying we need 76 sponsors they
sort of move the goal on us we think we
have 25 Republican votes we probably
have a hundred votes now it's just a
question of getting through committees
getting through the caucus and getting
on the floor we get on the floor the
sport will be approved and we'll be
there December fifth do you have any
kind of rough ballpark if things go well
how soon it might be approved I would
think around June first if everything
goes well and I've met with the
Commission will work on the rule make
sure the unified rules are in place make
sure they have the right of counsel
officials and as I said be there at the
Garden in December okay so you said no
question was out of bounds all right
here we go how utterly critical was the
essential arrest and removal of Sheldon
Silver to get this process going he's
been a political opponent for us he's
still an assemblyman behind the scenes
he still could be working against us but
he proved that he wasn't he was doing
things that were wrong and the
government has caught him and now he's
been indicted so it certainly doesn't
hurt us all right so let's talk about
some things that I've always wondered
okay there's a lot of questions about
look the the way in which the Rules of
MMA are created is that the government
has to essentially codified it into law
it's like the NFL where if they want to
move the the line from which they kick
off they can just Fiat change it it's
different you guys don't have to go
state by state and get all the things
changed again so there's been a question
I've always wondered when you go
overseas on some territories not all
you're required to do some self
regulation why not take the opportunity
to at least experiment with the idea of
something like I was doing an example
out there open scoring or different ways
in which to judge around because my
point is pride was a crazy show but no
one really views say rampage Jackson's
wins there as illegitimate why can't we
have some experimentation in places
where experimentation is possible it's
possible we we helped I certainly I did
and lorenzo did helped with the Unified
Rules we really believe in them I think
there could be some modifications but I
would I wouldn't really want to go away
from it I think you need definitely more
judging seminars when we self-regulate I
run it as if it's in the state of Nevada
we do all the same drug testing we do
everything use the right kinds of
officials we're trying to deepen the
base of officials we have some from
Poland now some from Germany some from
Australia so we're getting better but
but I understand what you're saying and
there could be some experimentation I'm
totally against open scoring somebody
why I know this comes from my boxing
experience you have a guy who's uh who's
one and a ten round five seven rounds
and everybody knows the score and I've
seen this happen the guy doesn't have to
fight the last couple rounds he stops
moving this happened once in a fight in
New Jersey after four rounds there was a
little accidental but the trainer made
it a little worse and said my guy can't
go on he's ahead we got the win so in a
three-round fight if he knew the score
after two rounds and that maybe the guy
wouldn't he just want to get on top and
just lay and pray okay I'm not a big fan
I've been scoring either but what I
would say is something like instant
replay seems to be under the right
circumstances and those are hard to
define I admit but it seems like in
theory that has a ton of value in a
sport that I think referees in fact get
a lot of unfair criticism because they
don't have the opportunity to go back
and fix things that have that have been
wrong so do you believe that there could
be a more robust use of instant replay
absolutely I was ready to use it in our
last fight in Poland I had it all set up
the Brazil Commission did overturn after
we send them out different views they
didn't have all the views and they did
what was right the referee wasn't a
junction error it was a mistake whatever
he thought he saw he didn't see so they
overturned it and I thought that was the
correct decision we have a form of
instant replay in Nevada
when it's a file that ends the fight but
there's got to be other circumstance in
New Jersey's working on their part of
instant replay you'll see more and more
of it are there any other international
territories where you're looking to so
Brazil never had a commission now
they've got one and it's you know it's
in its nascent stages but it's growing
are there any other territories were you
looking to establish something similar
to that yeah the United Kingdom we're
hoping that they form a commission I
would rather have a commission
everywhere we go but in order to grow
the sport we're going to put on fights
and show them how to do it so I united
kingdom that way which would include
Ireland and Northern Ireland we're
hoping for one commission for the aisle
in there Poland has a quasi Commission
there they're going to get it more
robust Sweden has a pretty good
Commission so more and more it's going
to be better Mexico City I'm working on
as of today and their Commission has
been quite there more a little more
boxing oriented but we're getting them
into MMA so we had a lot of plans all
right so off the before the camera was
rolling anyway off the air you said you
thought this is a huge fight big fight
bigg to do look at this it's crazy here
but it wasn't the biggest boxing fight
ever you had a different choice for it
tell us which one it is and then why
well I I have a long history in boxing
and not all the way back then but back
when when Luis fought Max Schmeling it
was the Nazis were and it was America it
was war I mean it was it was really an
unbelievable time and in the head i
think 90,000 people and watching this
fight in a stadium it's just a different
time now this is the biggest fight
because of social media and in the
Facebook and the Commerce 20 the
Commerce the money is different but when
I look at at fights that are really
meaningful all the way through the alley
fight with Frazier the first one cooney
homes I just talked with that Jerry I
mean I have such vivid memories of
sitting there at that fight and that was
a racial fight that was it was the Great
White hope against Larry Holmes well
many fights are racial for being honest
right if we're being honest yeah but
that one was portrayed that way and sold
that way and to this day there was over
25,000 people outdoors at Caesars which
was the biggest fight in a bad history
for crowd and there was something
special about being outside the Caesars
Hagler Hearns which I was a inspector
for which was still unbelievable Hagler
Leonard so too for me to be involved
with all these fights is really special
but that was anything outdoors like that
was really something so before we wrap
this up here we're mayweather-pacquiao
147 pounds roughly tuck is going to come
in last but I want a prediction from you
who do you like and why well the one
thing I learned in all my years in
boxing is I can tell you that the big
winner will be here at the MGM in the
city of Las Vegas you know we don't okay
I never make predictions do you believe
that Mayweather can stop pack yeah how
about that cannot say you will but you
really think he has that ability I
believe this is a distance fight and
I've always thought that for from the
very beginning and either guy can
convert each other but i just think
it'll be a decision fight last question
there's been some consternation not much
about the choice of refereeing here
Kenny Bayless and saying that he is
really quick to break up people do you
find this criticism to be warranted or
do you believe that this is the
appropriate ref given the circumstances
I think it's the appropriate ref I think
that comes from the Maidana first fight
and I don't think in this kind of fight
you're going to see much holding I think
this is a different kind of fight and I
don't look for either guy to hold each
other so I'm not concerned and that
Kenny Bayless is a district great
referee all right mark Ryder thank you
free time all right thanks thanks blue